Graph Explanation:

1.) First, we will add a "type" column with value "Undirected" in each row of the file "track_id_sim_track_id.csv" which was obtained in Question 1. The new file obtained after adding the "type" column is called "track_id_sim_track_id_type.csv". This has been done so that graph obtained in Gephi is an undirected graph.

2.) Now, we will start a new project in Gephi and open the "Data Laboratory".

3.) Now, we will import the file "tracks.csv" as nodes and "track_id_sim_track_id_type.csv" as edges. Remember to the check the "add missing nodes".

4.) After this, apply the layout method "Force Atlas" with the repulsion strength of 4000.

5.) For adjusting the size and color of the nodes, go to the ranking module and select "Degree" parameter. I chose the color "Red Yellow Blue".

6.) Now, run average path length given in the statistics column in right hand column.

7.) After this, again go to the ranking module and select "Between Centrality" parameter.

8.) Change the min node size to 30 and max node size to 170.

9.) In the Force Atlas Layout, now set "Adjust by Sizes" in order to take into the node sizes.

10.) For community detection, run Modularity on the Statistics panel.

11.) After that, go to the Partition Module, and refresh it. Now, select Modularity class and click apply. I chose the Randomized Colors.

12.) Now, we will filter the graph. Go to the Filter module and pull the "Degree Range" from topology to Queries. After that, increase the lower bound to 2 and apply. This will remove all the nodes with degree less than 2.

13.) We have obtained the filtered graph. 

14.) Now go to the preview section and obtain the final graph. Export it as a pdf. It is stored in the folder as graph.pdf.

Other Snapshots in the folder:
graph_with_filter.png - Graph obtained after the filtering
graph_without_filter.png - Graph obtained before the filtering

Some other snapshots in the “Extra Snapshots" Folder:
These snapshots are basically of the Gephi workspace with the required graph.

Other Files in the folder:
Final_Graph_File.gephi - It is the gephi file which can be imported to gephi to see the work done.
graph_metrics.txt - It contains the metrics required by the question

